## Aims, and the Project

### Choice of Topic

  *``Identify and explain a topic based on personal interest``*

The chosen topic of interest is _social networking and web technoligies_.

branches.io, the main product is a social network, explaining the topic of social networking.
It uses parts of the traditional concepts of social networking used by big
social networks, and combines them with new ideas and lesser-known ideas.

The application is built on top of very modern frontend and backend web technologies utilizing
modern standards of the browser while maintaining necessary backwards-compability
and flexibility to meet the demands of all clients.
The API and web application is powered by a Node.js backend with a flexible and
fast MongoDB database.

### Areas of Interaction

  *``Justify one focus area of interaction as a context for the project``*

The project is fully centered around creation of services, which enable clients the
creation of content.
This fits the area of interaction _Human Ingenuity_ very strongly.

The Branches Network also has features of _Health and Social Interaction_,
by focusing on the users' interactions, however, needing to focus on one, I believe that
_Human Ingenuity_ is the better fit.

### The Goal

  *``Outline one clear, achievable, challenging goal``*
  
My goal is clearly defined as

_Create a successful and reliable Social Network on self-setup server infrastructure with the potential of making advertising profits._

--------

### Project Specifications

  *``Create specifications that will be used to evaluate the project's outcome/product``*

- Successfully set up a development server at my home.
- Set up a product blog, at which the team shares progress with the users.
- Successfully use the MongoDB server as the data-storage backend for the project.
- Set up and configure Nginx as a reverse proxy for the Node.js instances.
- Use Amazon EC2 and other AWS services cost-effectively in the production stage of Branches.
- Establish a strong social media presence for the product and use social media effectively for promotion.