## Achievement of the Goal

### The Aim

I did not clearly achieve the initial goal, because it was defined badly at
the beginning, and I would have changed it two to three months after initially
setting it.

The aim is not supposed to be changed after being written (on which I disagree).

It would have been possible to quickly finish Branches and push out some version of it now,
but this is not enough for me.

The goal was

> Create a successful and reliable Social Network on self-setup server infrastructure with the potential of making advertising profits.

The problem is the *successful* part.

It is not "successful", as it is not publicly released yet.

However, it is reliable in its testing environment. It runs on my self-setup server infrastructure
at home or on AWS, and even DigitalOcean if I wanted to.

I believe the product has a potential of making profits, but this part of the aim is especially ill-defined.
Advertising profits are not important to me now. I do not want them to be important.
All I want Branches to be is it being as great as I can make it be.

------

### The Project Specifications

The original specifications were defined as:

- Successfully set up a development server at my home.
- Set up a product blog, at which the team shares progress with the users.
- Successfully use the MongoDB server as the data-storage backend for the project.
- Set up and configure Nginx as a reverse proxy for the Node.js instances.
- Use Amazon EC2 and other AWS services to host Branches cost-effectively.
- Establish a strong social media presence for the product and use social media effectively for promotion.

1. I successfully set up a development server at home, but later decided to test locally, and host on GitHub.
2. I set up a WordPress product blog, but I did not like the state of it, so I set up a Ghost blog, which is
   much better to work with, faster, hackable, and more welcoming to developers.
3. MongoDB was successfully used as the main database, and is still being used very happily.
4. Nginx is obviously still the preferred web server and proxy for Branches, and I have learned very
   much about its configuration.
5. I have used Amazon EC2 and the rest of the Amazon Cloud to host parts of Branches. However, AWS is not
   the most cost-effective option for all of Branches' problems. Backups are done much more inexpensively at home,
   and DigitalOcean is a better solution for small-scale independent servers.
6. A social media presence has been established. Branches is present on Twitter, Facebook, and has its
   own Product Blog.