## Reflection on Learning

### Extension of Knowledge

I have heavily extended my knowledge in web development while building the Branches Network.

While creating Branches I first encountered AngularJS, which I have by now used in other projects.
I started to learn very much about server-side JavaScript, I can use Express and other libraries much
more effectively now.
Besides, I also learned much about the core concepts of Node.js, e.g. Streams and Buffers.

Client-side work made me work much with CSS transformations, transitions, and animations, which are relatively
new concepts to me. I researched ways to animate SVG, and created many small tests, which I hope will help
make Branches even better.

The project has greatly extended my knowledge in the topic of social networking, which is a subset of
the AoI Human Ingenuity.
Therefore it extendeded my knowledge in "Human Ingenuity" as well.

------

### Development as a Learner

This is ambiguous..

Definition of a "learner":

> a person who is still learning something

(http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/british/learner?q=learner)

"Development as a learner" means "development as someone who is still learning something"

I am someone who is still learning something, therefore I can shortcut the sentence:

"Development as myself"

Development is defined as

> the process in which someone or something grows or changes and becomes more advanced

There is a simple answer: I advanced my knowledge in very many topics, and gathered many skills,
which I did not have before (see "Extension of Knowledge").